---
subcategory: "TOS(BETA)"
layout: "volcengine"
page_title: "Volcengine: volcengine_tos_bucket_inventories"
sidebar_current: "docs-volcengine-datasource-tos_bucket_inventories"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query detailed information of tos bucket inventories
---
# volcengine_tos_bucket_inventories
Use this data source to query detailed information of tos bucket inventories
## Example Usage
```hcl
resource "volcengine_tos_bucket_inventory" "foo" {
  bucket_name              = "terraform-demo"
  inventory_id             = "acc-test-inventory"
  is_enabled               = true
  included_object_versions = "All"
  schedule {
    frequency = "Weekly"
  }
  filter {
    prefix = "test-tf"
  }
  optional_fields {
    field = ["Size", "StorageClass", "CRC64"]
  }
  destination {
    tos_bucket_destination {
      format     = "CSV"
      account_id = "21000*****"
      bucket     = "terraform-demo"
      prefix     = "tf-test-prefix"
      role       = "TosArchiveTOSInventory"
    }
  }
}

data "volcengine_tos_bucket_inventories" "foo" {
  bucket_name  = "terraform-demo"
  inventory_id = volcengine_tos_bucket_inventory.foo.inventory_id
}
```
## Argument Reference
The following arguments are supported:
* `bucket_name` - (Required) The name the TOS bucket.
* `inventory_id` - (Optional) The id the TOS bucket inventory.
* `name_regex` - (Optional) A Name Regex of TOS bucket inventory.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results.

## Attributes Reference
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
* `inventory_configurations` - The collection of query.
    * `bucket_name` - The name of the bucket.
    * `destination` - The destination information of the bucket inventory.
        * `tos_bucket_destination` - The destination tos bucket information of the bucket inventory.
            * `account_id` - The account id of the destination tos bucket.
            * `bucket` - The name of the destination tos bucket.
            * `format` - The format of the bucket inventory. Valid values: `CSV`.
            * `prefix` - The storage path prefix of the bucket inventory in destination tos bucket.
            * `role` - The role name used to grant object storage access to read all files from the source bucket and write files to the destination bucket.
    * `filter` - The filter of the bucket inventory.
        * `prefix` - The prefix matching information of the exported object. If not set, a list of all objects in the bucket will be generated by default.
    * `id` - The name of the bucket inventory.
    * `included_object_versions` - The export version of object. Valid values: `All`, `Current`.
    * `is_enabled` - Whether to enable the bucket inventory.
    * `optional_fields` - The information exported from the bucket inventory.
        * `field` - The information exported from the bucket inventory. Valid values: `Size`, `LastModifiedDate`, `ETag`, `StorageClass`, `IsMultipartUploaded`, `EncryptionStatus`, `CRC64`, `ReplicationStatus`.
    * `schedule` - The export schedule of the bucket inventory.
        * `frequency` - The export schedule of the bucket inventory. Valid values: `Daily`, `Weekly`.
* `total_count` - The total count of query.


