---
subcategory: "TOS(BETA)"
layout: "volcengine"
page_title: "Volcengine: volcengine_tos_bucket_inventory"
sidebar_current: "docs-volcengine-resource-tos_bucket_inventory"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage tos bucket inventory
---
# volcengine_tos_bucket_inventory
Provides a resource to manage tos bucket inventory
## Example Usage
```hcl
resource "volcengine_tos_bucket_inventory" "foo" {
  bucket_name              = "terraform-demo"
  inventory_id             = "acc-test-inventory"
  is_enabled               = true
  included_object_versions = "All"
  schedule {
    frequency = "Weekly"
  }
  filter {
    prefix = "test-tf"
  }
  optional_fields {
    field = ["Size", "StorageClass", "CRC64"]
  }
  destination {
    tos_bucket_destination {
      format     = "CSV"
      account_id = "21000*****"
      bucket     = "terraform-demo"
      prefix     = "tf-test-prefix"
      role       = "TosArchiveTOSInventory"
    }
  }
}
```
## Argument Reference
The following arguments are supported:
* `bucket_name` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the bucket.
* `destination` - (Required) The destination information of the bucket inventory.
* `included_object_versions` - (Required) The export version of object. Valid values: `All`, `Current`.
* `inventory_id` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the bucket inventory.
* `is_enabled` - (Required) Whether to enable the bucket inventory.
* `schedule` - (Required) The export schedule of the bucket inventory.
* `filter` - (Optional) The filter of the bucket inventory.
* `optional_fields` - (Optional) The information exported from the bucket inventory.

The `destination` object supports the following:

* `tos_bucket_destination` - (Required) The destination tos bucket information of the bucket inventory.

The `filter` object supports the following:

* `prefix` - (Optional) The prefix matching information of the exported object. If not set, a list of all objects in the bucket will be generated by default.

The `optional_fields` object supports the following:

* `field` - (Optional) The information exported from the bucket inventory. Valid values: `Size`, `LastModifiedDate`, `ETag`, `StorageClass`, `IsMultipartUploaded`, `EncryptionStatus`, `CRC64`, `ReplicationStatus`.

The `schedule` object supports the following:

* `frequency` - (Required) The export schedule of the bucket inventory. Valid values: `Daily`, `Weekly`.

The `tos_bucket_destination` object supports the following:

* `account_id` - (Required) The account id of the destination tos bucket.
* `bucket` - (Required) The name of the destination tos bucket.
* `format` - (Required) The format of the bucket inventory. Valid values: `CSV`.
* `role` - (Required) The role name used to grant TOS access to read all files from the source bucket and write files to the destination bucket. You can use the default TOS role `TosArchiveTOSInventory`.
* `prefix` - (Optional) The storage path prefix of the bucket inventory in destination tos bucket.

## Attributes Reference
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - ID of the resource.



## Import
TosBucketInventory can be imported using the bucket_name:inventory_id, e.g.
```
$ terraform import volcengine_tos_bucket_inventory.default resource_id
```

